What did you guys think of this exercise?
Image augmentation is pretty cool.
I'll walk you through how I approached it.
Here, I just started by looking at some of my plain images.
Next, I added a bunch of augmentation using the parameters for image data generator.
You can see that I used a lot of similar parameters to what we covered in the lesson.
You will also notice that I used a function called
"Flow From Data Frame" instead of "Flow From Directory",
like I covered in the lesson.
This is just easier because I had all of my file image path stored in a data frame,
and it is identical in function to "Flow From Directory".
This may be a handy tool in your project.
Then I inspected what my augmentation did to my images.
These look different, but not too different.
I then added different types of augmentation including vertical flip,
which I told you guys not to do.
Hopefully, here you can see why I wouldn't want to use vertical flip.
These images all appear nearly upside down,
which I'd never see in a real-world's clinical setting.